first and raising awareness about the dangers of marine pollution to
through woods exhibitions and other activities too and like diving
underwater it's a report published this afternoon at pas
abnormal temperatures in this month the thermometer was showing
26 degrees
an opportunity for members of the delphine association activating in the
region to offload so to bet submarine dives
cultural association on the beginning of underwater activities
the combination of facts and the coffee table now it will be resumed in time
1994 adapted from the work the 2% commission
the benign at the
of the commission by the police even before
before getting into the water the divers must follow by having a
theoretical training
an obligatory passage and during which she hackers must be taken in order
to avoid all risks
the role of the vest and and the signs of communication without
divers as well as the purpose of the dive
in the maryland a buffet nine months of march
on the rise the week of records for having beautiful projects canada during
mario tama the dilapidated
the site of the first quarter-time
e
March 20 marketplaces
stability
the head of the team is usually an instructor
who leads the group during the dive
do not miss it
the manager
it's good that they do not always have this warning
miss we did not miss at five years farm five people five divers
for linda bolder beautiful scenery - always underwater
ocana in the audience the past not always persona
still canada maxim dangles
besides scuba diving
the Belgian association is active in raising awareness for the protection of
the marine environment through exposure to the public of different kinds of
fish enjoy it
% sensitized thanks to dell and the dnat
l lighting euros if the fishermen al-alam the danger kahlane the parades
the novels grandmother the mother learned the boxes 16 she is angry
the association organizes first aid trainings two bathing supervisors
just as it plans to create and the specialized group of divers
in the protection of the environment
The third edition of the Africa Cup of Nations Boxing has
open this Friday at the flash room in alger with the participation
116 boxers representing 13 countries